feat(maxDecimals): auto mode (#44)
JsCommunity/human-format: README.md

});
//=> '1.3 k'

> // maxDecimals can be set to auto, so that there is 1 decimals between -10 an 10 excluded and none out of this interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// maxDecimals can be set to auto, so that there is 1 decimal between -10 and 10 excluded and none out of this interval.
```

});
//=> '1.3370 k'

// when decimals is set to `auto` it uses maxDecimals if the resulting value is less than ten
// none  if the value is greater than ten
humanFormat(1337, {
  decimals: 'auto',
});
//=> '1.34 k'

humanFormat(13337, {
  decimals: 'auto',
});
//=> '13 k'

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure I'm fond of this behavior, I think the following one would be both more flexible and easier to understand:

- `maxDecimals` indicates the number of decimals allowed when one digit in the integral part
- the number of decimals decreases by one for each additional digit in the integral part

```
1_555   → 1.56
15_555  → 15.6
155_555 → 156
```

What do you think?

Author: I think that above 10, the decimals are irrelevant . It's an arbitrary number it could be 5 or 15, but I think 9-10 is a good rule of thumb. Using 9 can round 9.9 to 10 whch could be relevant (for example if I make a 10GB disk using 1000²KB)

A more precise method I used was 2 decimals from [0, 5[, 1 for [5,10[, none above, but I'm not sure how to generalize it with another `MaxDecimals`

Reviewer: I see, let's do 1 decimals for `]-10, 10[` when `decimals` is `'auto'` and we'll improve later if necessary.
